## Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy
Tech Nest LLC created IKTFS as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by Tech Nest LLC at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding Tech Nest LLCs policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if the Service provided is to be used.

If you choose to use Tech Nest LLC's Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that Tech Nest collects is used for providing and improving the Service. Tech Nest will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at gotechnest.com unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, tech Nest may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that Tech Nest may request will be retained on your device and is not collected by Tech Nest LLC in any way.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Links to the privacy policies of third party service providers used by the app

AdMob - https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en
Firebase Analytics - https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics
Azure Cognitive Services - https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/support/legal/cognitive-services-compliance-and-privacy/

Security
At Tech Nest LLC we value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and Tech Nest LLC cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by Tech Nest LLC. Tech Nest LLC has no control over and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
Tech Nest LLC may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. Tech Nest LLC will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us at technestcustomerservice@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator
